in this video we're going to look at the
adventure 61 3 mounted 3 cycle carrier
now this cargo carrier is suitable for
Terra Bates and and rear doors and the
type you'll find on hatchbacks estate
cars MPVs and people carriers the circle
rack is suitable for carrying a maximum
of 3 bikes up to 45 kilos no tools are
required to install as it comes
preassembled in the box it folds flat
and is very easy to store takes up
minimal storage space when the cycle
carrier is mounted on the cart the bikes
are actually mounted quite high so that
the Reg plates and the lights of the car
are still visible the bike rack is fully
tested and TV is airing you can adjust
the height angle and position of the
bike rack
by using these plastic knobs shown here
to adjust the position and lock their
provider from place where the bike that
comes into contact with the car there
are foam rubber pads to stop any damage
occurring to secure the bikes in place
you mount the bike onto the adjustable
rubber frame holders and strap it down
with the adjustable straps as shown here
to keep the bottom of the bikes scrap
down and stop them moving around there's
also a additional strap shown in the
diagram here circled in red you can also
use an additional scrapbook elasticated
bungee to stop the wheel spinning and
stop the handlebars turning as well and
here we can see the straps the top
straps they are quick release and
there's two at the top two in the middle
and two at the bottom